# CUSTOM ENTITY FIELDS

> Custom entity fields are fields that you can add to your entity records to gather information specific to your business needs. Entity custom fields can be added to existing and custom subtabs on the entry forms you use to enter entity records in your NetSuite account.

<table>
<tr>
  <th>Name</th>
  <th>ID</th>
  <th>Type</th>
  <th>List</th>
  <th>Used For</th>
  <th>Help Description</th>
  <th>Customer</th>
  <th>Vendor</th>
  <th>Employee</th>
  <th>Notes</th>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Follow Up Scheduled</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_follow_up_scheduled</td>
  <td>Checkbox</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used to trigger automatic customer follow up tasks and followup notifications.</td>
  <td>Autogenerated field. This field is checked when a follow up task is currently open.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Last Follow Up Date</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_last_follow_up_date</td>
  <td>Date/Time</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used to track the customer's last follow up date.</td>
  <td>Autogenerated field. This field is set by a scheduled script.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Continent</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_continent</td>
  <td>List/Record</td>
  <td>Continent</td>
  <td>This field is used to track the customer's continent.</td>
  <td>This field is sourced from the custom list: Continents.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Reporting Account Type</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_reporting_account_type</td>
  <td>List/Record</td>
  <td>Wholesale Customer Type</td>
  <td>This field is used to track the customer's type.</td>
  <td>This field is sourced from the custom list: Wholesale Customer Type.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Instagram</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_cstmr_instagram</td>
  <td>Free-Form Text</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used for saving the customer's Instagram account.</td>
  <td>Add the customer's Instagram account.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Facebook</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_cstmr_facebook</td>
  <td>Free-Form Text</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used for saving the customer's Facebook account.</td>
  <td>Add the customer's Facebook account.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Yelp</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_cstmr_yelp</td>
  <td>Free-Form Text</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used for saving the customer's Yelp account.</td>
  <td>Add the customer's Yelp account.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Lead Source</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_lead_source</td>
  <td>List/Record</td>
  <td>Lead Source</td>
  <td>This field is to track the leads source.</td>
  <td>Add the lead source.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>EIN or Business Tax ID</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_ein_or_business_tax_id</td>
  <td>Free-Form Text</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used to track the EIN or Business Tax ID</td>
  <td>Add the customer's EIN or Business Tax ID.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>There might already be a native NetSuite field for this.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Prospectors Legacy Account</td>
  <td>custentity_sp_prospectors_w_legacy_acct</td>
  <td>Hyperlink</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
  <td>This field is used to display a link to the customer's account on the now deprecated Prospectors Wholesale Shopify Site.</td>
  <td>Add the customer's Prospectors Wholesale Shopify Account Customer Link if available.</td>
  <td>T</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>F</td>
  <td>N/A</td>
</tr>
</table>
